And in this exercise,
we're going to work with some
little functions that are going
to create closures that
break down one of these
multiple argument functions,
in this case one that's going
to write a message basically
a letter type thing assigned
type of email type of deal.
And in this case, we are observable
is doing a little bit of the work for
us to display that on the screen which we
might consider as kind of side effect D,
but we're still we're just returning this
is actually basically a fancy string.
You don't need to worry about
the implementation here but
we are gonna use this write message
function to create some partially
applied functions that are going to
kind of lock in some of those values,
like the person signing the letter,
or the salutation like,
see ya, or keep carrying on,
things like that.
And I wanna make sure, yes, so
there's a couple of examples for you, at
the top of this exercise on basic closures
to give you a sense of how this works.
And then your task is to
fill in some to dos and
implement these functions to get
the rest of these letters or
these messages to look how they are, how
the first one to do, so we have a message,
we have a salutation and
then we have a person signing the letter.
And then the second part of the exercise
is going to work with currian,
where we have some very silly I think
grumpy programmers who are making some
comments about JavaScript are terrible
language and things like that.
[LAUGH] And so, what we're doing
is we've got a quote function that
is a multi argument function
that's similar to our sign message
is something that we can call on lots
of data to get these quotes to appear.
But we have to repeat ourselves a lot.
We're repeating a lot of the same
values repeating, repeating.
So what we're gonna see in this exercise
is how we can use currian to create
a curried version of this quote function
which then allows us to create more
reusable functions that lock in some of
these arguments and allow us to kind of
simplify our code so that we don't have so
much repetition, so that we don't have so
many of these same values being passed in
and we have shorter function signatures.
So we have functions
that take in maybe one or
maybe two arguments instead of all three.